[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/rosettanet-pips.md

 Each PIP specification provides a document type definition (DTD) file and a message guideline document. The DTD file defines the service-content message structure. The message-guideline document, which is a human-readable HTML file, specifies element-level constraints. Together, they provide a complete definition of the business process.

>  For more information about PIP specifications, see the RosettaNet Web site at [https://go.microsoft.com/FWLink/?LinkID=33859](https://go.microsoft.com/FWLink/?LinkID=33859).

Author: @mijacobs The bulk of these fixes came from [https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs/pull/852](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs/pull/852). I was asked to fix the build warnings on that PR so I pulled in those changes and asked for a review. 

On the removed links, the guidance we have is to try to find a replacement for the broken link and if we come up empty, remove the link. I did a quick search and found this: https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet. That one is general and I didn't see anything related to PIP specs. I see that there's a good number of similar changes throughout this PR. Can you point me to a good replacement, or would it be OK to remove the statements containing the link altogether?

>  For more information about PIP specifications, see the RosettaNet Web site at [https://go.microsoft.com/FWLink/?LinkID=33859](https://go.microsoft.com/FWLink/?LinkID=33859).

Reviewer: I suspect they dropped them because they couldn't find replacements. The domains seem defunct. I found the links and will replace the plain text.

>  For more information about PIP specifications, see the RosettaNet Web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more information about PIP specifications, visit the [GS1 RosettaNet website](https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet).
```

    -   PIP 3A6: Distribute Order Status

## See Also

>  [RosettaNet and CIDX Messaging Standards](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/rosettanet-and-cidx-messaging-standards.md)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RosettaNet and CIDX Messaging Standards](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/rosettanet-and-cidx-messaging-standards.md)  
```
